In this lecture, we'll see what we have to test in the product service to do that, go to the product
rest controller in the product service project.
Take a look at the dependencies we have two dependencies being auto wired, the product repo and also the
rest template.
This time we are going to mock the rest template as well, along with the repository.
And one issue we have here and we are using Mockito and working with Spring is that this @ value annotation
from spring won't take into effect when we are running our unit tests and using Mockito.
There are alternatives for that.
You can Google and figure out and maybe one day we can directly use Mockito and Springboot together.
But I'm going to take a shortcut.
I'm going to generate getter and setter methods for this hit control
One create Getter and setter methods.
Say OK.
So the getter method will be used even here, if you take a look earlier, it was directly the property.
Now it is the getter method that is being used when we run this application.
Yes.
This url will be injected from the application dot properties, but when we write that unit test,
I'm going to use this setter method and I'm going to set the url directly instead of reading from
the property file just for the unit test, because mockito and Springboot @ value, have some issues.
You can go ahead and do a Google search and figure out alternatives, or you can follow my approach.
The first thing we need to do here, once you have these getters and setters is to go to the coupon service,
go to the Pom Dot XML.
Grab the mockito dependancy, copy that.
Come back to the product service, open the Pom dot xml, DoubleClick to maximize that.
Add that right after the test dependancy do a control shift F to format, we have the mockito dependency
go to the product service application tests and we'll start writing our test in the next lecture.